of Scrooge you can easily categorize the
section because the first different
temperature and there's over system of
the door you can easily pick a water
were just for it making more luxurious
friends we use Watsky crystal yes sir oh
excuse me
yes can you guess what kind of
refrigerator it's only for Koreans for
what only for Korean oh god forgive you
one right right thank you refrigerant
okay
Koreans love kimchi as you know eat
kimchi all the time for every meal so we
need a special stretch for it the
Koreans have two kinds of refrigerator
one for general ones one Pro we even
designed a computer to hear like that
so in Korean for that 1000 occasion
kimchi yeah so we can you can change the
temperature and the kimchi is supposed
to buried under the ground like so you
can get exactly the same effect for this
and using this refrigerator so what's
the temperature under the ground under
the ground it's below zero in winter yes
and you can set up this the upper class
something
and for the bottom part you can set up
different temperature and environment
here instead of how many days you're
gonna owe refreshing and of course you
can store our store purchase and other
kinds of 15 to I know oh it smells great
disposable years are for kimchi yeah but
you feel one we can use it for different
proposes you can yeah fritz or
vegetables